Author: N. B. Callahan
Geant4 Simulation

Introduction:
This simulation is mostly intedned to simulate light transport within a
scintillating detector. Currently, it has support for the following processes:
WLS Absorption/Re-Emission, Boundary refraction/reflection, and Bulk
absorption. The optical properties of relevant materials are set in
DetectorConstruction.cc and the geometry is described in geom.gdml. I have set
the gdml file to look for the GDML XML schema in the same directory; this
vastly sped up loading times.

Compilation:
Running ccmake ../ from the build_dir directory and following the prompts
should generate the configuration & makefiles. A working MAKEFILE can be
generated by pressing 'c' to configure, 'c' again to configure a second time,
and 'g' to generate, then 'q' to quit. Then the program can be compiled with
make. Additionally, ccmake can be used to change the compilation flags. For
example, setting CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE to RelWithDebInfo should compile as normal,
but should also generate debugging symbols for use with GDB/LLDB.

Usage:
./VDetector macro_file.mac [output_file.root](for batch mode)
./VDetector (for interactive GUI mode).

If no output file is specified, a file called 'default.root' will be created
in the same directory as the executable. This includes in interactive mode.

Output:
This program will output a root file containing a root tree named
'PMTHitsTree', which contains the particle birth position, momentum, and
energy as well as the final energy. I have not yet set it to output the final
position or final volume, but I have plans to do so soon.


Other included macros:
TurnOffPhotonTrajectories.mac -- Turns off the green tracks of photons in the
	visualization. The boundary points are still drawn as yellow dots,
	so the visual noise isn't entirely eliminated.
TurnOnPhotonTrajectories.mac -- Undoes what the above does.

Important files:
vis.mac -- contains information for visualization (how to draw the geometry)
geom.gdml -- contains the detector geometry.